.\"Created with GNOME Manpages Editor Wizard
.\"http://sourceforge.net/projects/gmanedit2
.TH picogen 1 "June 11, 2010" "" "picogen"

.SH NAME
picogen \- a terrain synthesizer and renderer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B picogen

.B picohelp

.B picogen-quatsch-editor
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
The programs
.B picogen-simplex, picohelp, picogen-quatsch-editor, picogen-pure
are GUI programs and part of the
.B picogen package
and provide a free terrain synthesizer and renderer.
.PP
The above mentioned programs are exclusively dedicated to graphical
usage. Please run
.B picohelp
for documentation, or invoke
.B picogen-simplex
or
.B picogen-quatsch-editor
to find inline- and context-sensitive information.
.PP
In case you are on GNOME or KDE (or another menu-enabled system),
you can also find the picogen-tools in the graphics-section of the application
menu.
Note that
.B picogen-pure
is a mostly command-line-interface program with an SDL rendering screen. It is
actually the spearhead of feature-completeness as it is just another build
of the picogen-library. You can also use it for batch rendering. But see
.B picogen-pure --help
for more information.
.SH OPTIONS
.B
.IP none
 there are currently no options

.SH SUPPORT
You can get personal help at
.B http://picogen.org/forum/
and find more information at
.B http://picogen.org
and
.B http://picogen.deviantart.com
, but be aware that picogen is free software, developed in spare-time, and thus
no commercial-grade support is available.

.SH UPDATES TO THIS FILE
 - So 18. Jul 18:59:29 UTC 2010: add picogen-pure description / smach

.SH AUTHORS
Sebastian Mach, sometimes appearing as "phresnel" <phresnel@gmail.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"

